# Python3
Hangman Game
              HANGMAN GAME USING GUI
TITLE:
	Hangman game
OBJECTIVE
	It is a word guessing game
	Player has to guess the word that is generated by the system
PROJECT DESCRIPTION
•	Hangman game is like a mind game. Game consist of some words and we have to guess the word using letters with in the given chances.

•	Suppose if there is a word consist of five letters it has five blanks and we have to guess the letters present in that word if our guess is wrong, number of chances for guessing the word will decrease and guesses remains constant if our guess is correct. 

•	If we guess the word with in the given chances, we will win the game else lost the game  
Algorithm:
	Some words are defined in a list
	Random library is used to generate a word from the list.
	If the word generated from the list and word    guessed by the player is same, then player win the game and window will be destroyed.
	Totally there are four chances, for each wrong guess number of chances will be reduced and player lose the game.
	If the word generated from the list and word guessed by the player is not same , then player lose the game and window will be destroyed.

EXPLANATION
o	Example if the word is ESCAPE.
o	Six blanks will be there.
o	For each correct alphabet, the alphabet will be takes place in its  respective blank.
o	If the guess is E, E takes place in first and fourth blank.
o	If the guess is wrong, number of chances will be reduced and  nothing will be happen.
     If number of chances is zero, player lose the game.

PSEUDO CODE 
#choose random word from word bank
	    word_bank = array of words (every element is a word)
	    hidden_word = wordbank.sample
	#display progress of word
	    '_'  * hidden_word.length
	#show remaining guesses
	    remaining_guess = 4
	#Prompt user for guess
	    put 'guess a letter or the whole word'
	#player chooses character or word
	    #if guess.length == 1 (its a character)
	        #if correct add letter to hidden_word
	        #if false subtract from count (count--)
	        #display error for repeat guesses
	    # if guess.length > 1 (its a word)
	        #if guess == hidden_word "WINNER"
	        #if guess != hidden_word "LOSER"
	

	#if chances == 0
	    #puts "LOSER"
      

 



